# Reflection 5 - Imposterism

# Sources
- [Imposter Syndrome in Computer Science](https://ucsdguardian.org/2019/05/12/impostor-syndrome-computer-science/)
- [Programmer Imposter Syndrome: 6 ways to get over](https://www.codingdojo.com/blog/programmer-imposter-syndrome)
- [TED Talk: How you can use imposter syndrome to your benefit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZkwqZfvbdFw)

# Imposter Syndrome - What is it?
Impostor syndrome is a persistent psychological feeling in which an
individual doubts their accomplishments and feels like an “impostor” 
in a role they are in fact qualified enough to have([Source #1](https://ucsdguardian.org/2019/05/12/impostor-syndrome-computer-science/)).
Sometimes you might think you are not qualified for the work you've done so far, or you think that you don't deserve this accomplishments you achieved and others
that are way better than you should be the ones in your position.

It is normal to have these feelings because that is human nature. It is a universal mindset that everyone could have regardless of their
occupations, races, identities, or genders. Particularly, as a Computer Science student and pre-programmer, I found that I too have these feelings.
It will never be gone but you can do your best to minimize those feelings, doubts, and fears you have.

# Imposter Syndrome - Ways that you can get over it
- **TALK** to others

  Communication is the key to everything
  
- **ACKNOWLEDGE** that success and intelligence is not fixed

  It depends on how much effort you put into and challenges you've overcome along the way
  
- **STOP** constantly comparing yourself with others

  You need to appreciate yourself and love who you are and what you have become
  
- **KEEP TRACK** of your accomplishments even it is the smallest

  Regularly reflecting on your successes can help remind you how far you've come and how good you are
  
# Imposter Syndrome - My own

  Have I ever doubted myself on my accomplishments? Have I ever doubted myself that I am not as smart and good as others said?
  Have I ever blamed myself for the mistakes I made that I could’ve done better? Yes, yes, and yes. 
  These feelings have been addressed as “Imposter Syndrome” as I one day found out online watching Youtube.
  I didn’t know that everyone can have these kinds of feelings and it is human nature that we will feel that way.
  I am used to the fact that there are people way talented and smarter than me out there, but why me? I don’t deserve this.
  
  Well, that was me. Now I am much better at handling these feelings because I one day realized that it is the feelings from imposter syndrome that makes me “perfect”.
  It motivates me to become better and better under certain pressures.
  Beside the motivation, imposter syndrome could make you reflect on yourself, both good and bad so that you can address these issues. 
  The reason why I was struggling with those feelings is because I didn’t talk to other people while I could have done that. 
  It is really important to talk about your feelings and thoughts out loud to be heard. 
  That’s how you get feedback and opinions from people so that you can improve or appreciate yourself.
  
  Recent Imposterims hitted me last December when I applied for a summer internship at Amazon. 
  I failed my interview for the first time. During the process, I passed all online assessments and got a chance to interview with an Amazonian, 
  but unfortunately because I was inexperienced in interviewing so I didn’t get the offer. I got pretty depressed those two days and questioned my abilities. 
  But I soon talked it through with my friend and realized that it is not a big deal, because if Amazon doesn't fit me, there are others that will. 
  It is also important to take a break, stop doubting yourself and look at the past on what I’ve done. Be proud.
