# Reflection#2

Reviewing the job list from now on, I would cross out the job in Roblox and jobs that are similar to Game Development because I had assessments from the Roblox, 
and my experience with it was not so great. I am reconsidering if working at a game company doing tasks on game development is a good choice for me. 
Given the fact that I am working as a TA for two consecutive terms, I actually quite enjoy the job because I am helping others to develop their skills 
and figuring out their future at the same time. Based on that, 
I am thinking about adding jobs like program manager or mentoring to the list, 
so in that way I can also help and change others not only by lines of code but also myself. 
Not to mention that I was assigned to a mentor from Google, and I have learned the power of a mentor, what a mentor can do and how they can change others’ life. 
I don’t care about the range of the job whether it is public, private or non-profit, as long as I can make the contributions and help others.

I still believe that computer science is the future. It has the potential and power to change our life in ways that we could only imagine. 
I feel positive about the future of computer science and mine. Like I said before, I like helping people. 
Pursuing computer science is like having a tool that makes the process easier and more efficient. 
Regardless of being a SDE or PM in my career path, 
I wouldn’t regret the choice I will be making because that is what I am interested in and passionate about.
