# Final Mentor Reflection
  Mentor: Alyssa Pohahau - Software Engineer at Google
  
  Mentee: Dion Feng - CS Junior student at USFCA
  
# Overview of interations and topics
  - **Sep 29th** 
    - Introduction, professional identities
  - **Oct 8th** 
    - Interview & Internship
      - mocking interview with friends, use leetcode
      - talk/think out loud, ask questions, seek clarifications
      - Internal referral
    - Mentor experience 
    - Programming language preference
    - Things you(mentor) have learned in USFCA and still applicable
  - **Oct 29th**
    -  Resume review
    -  Dion(mentee) check out and apply FAANG companies' internship opportunities
    -  Alyssa(mentor) check her connections and seek referrals
    -  Demonstrate how to ask for referrals(Asked Kevin who graduated from USFCA as well and now work at Amazon)
  - **Nov 19th**
    - Checking in for internship application process(mentee)
    - Daily life at Google (at office)
    - Plan the rest meetings of this year
  - **Dec 1st**
    - Update on internships
      -  Amazon - can’t get referral because Dion already applied
      -  Microsoft - Dion's friend referred him
      -  Apple - internships are full - no longer accepting referrals
      -  Google  -  Alyssa referred Dion
      -  Dion also applied to ~20 companies ⬇️
      -  Tesla, Epic games, Reddit, Snowflake, Okta, Doordash(denied), Roblox, Tiktok, Wing, etc 
    - Alyssa demonstrated simple coding interview with Dion: Alyssa - interviewee, Dion - interviewer
  - **Dec 14th**
    - TBD
# Things I've learn
  
  First of all, Alyssa is an amazing mentor. I have learned a lot since the beginning of the mentor program.
  
  Alyssa was patient and caring. She taught me most of the technical stuffs on a interview and internship process.
  
  She showed me a glimpse of how it is like to work at a gaint tech company and what are the responsibilties of SE/SDE.
  
  She also taught me to be patient with the entire application process and be open-minded that always apply for **all** the opportunities that comes.
  
  I learned a lot of tricks and skills for preparing an interview, such as mocking with a friend, talk out loud of your thought process, and ask questions!
  
  Alyssa also show me it is possible to be part of a different internship application process, which is internal referral. I found it is super useful.
  
  I really appreciate she reached out to her contacts to ask referrals for me and she personally referred me to Google ❤️
  
  As a mentee, I also used my connections to ask for referrals: Amazon, Microsoft, Apple...(I wouldn't have done it without Alyssa's encouragement)
  
  I genuienly feel I am more comfortable with the "computer scientist" title, and I am more clearer of what I want to be in the future.
  
  Thank you Alyssa, for everything you've put into this mentor-mentee relationship and all the things you've done for me.
  
# Future plans and expectations
  - Side project ideas
  - Meet in person if possible
  - Professional advices on (if I got an intern), what do I do, what should I be awared of, how to success, how to fight for return offers, etc
  - TBD

